Welcome!
This is my friend, Alex Reinmueller.
Alex is going to help me host our program,
which focuses on family.
Alex, what do we have to look forward to?
Thank you, Gerrit.
I’m delighted to be here with you.
For nearly a decade,
children have enjoyed our animated series
Become Jehovah’s Friend.
How have they and their parents benefited?
As teens, Tainara and Alex developed
a strong identity as servants of Jehovah.
We’ll learn how this helped them
resist temptations.
Are you married or contemplating marriage?
You’ll enjoy a new series
we’re introducing in our program.
It’s designed to help Christian couples
achieve a happy marriage.
I’m eager to get started.
This is JW Broadcasting® for April 2022.
Today, we will talk about those
who are close to all of our hearts
—our children.
I am sure that you dear parents
greatly love and appreciate your children.
What a privilege it is to have them!
Think about it: There are millions of angels.
However, angels were not given
the privilege to produce children.
When Jesus was on earth, he was not married,
so he did not have the privilege
of having children.
But you parents have that privilege.
What a treasure!
What does the Governing Body
want to tell you children?
That we love you!
We are so happy to have you with us,
and we would like to help you
to become and remain
worshippers of Jehovah.
You are like a beautiful gift,
a special gift, from Jehovah.
Christian parents value and appreciate
you children
more than a million dollars!
How do we know?
Because Psalm 127:3 says
that “[children] are
an inheritance from Jehovah.”
What does that mean?
An inheritance is a very valuable gift
that has been given to someone.
Often, the gift is
from an older family relative.
Jehovah views you children
as a very valuable gift
that he has given to your parents.
He expects parents
to take good care of this gift.
He entrusts parents with the welfare
and happiness of their children.
And when parents do their best for you,
it especially makes us happy
when you children
do your best to please and serve Jehovah.
There are so many children earth wide
who are fine examples for others
by means of their love
for Jehovah and the truth.
Parents, will your children
become good examples
for other young ones in the truth?
One father of seven children,
all of whom grew up as lovers of Jehovah,
would always tell new parents
that there are no guarantees with children.
They each have their own personality
and are exposed
to various outside influences.
But he would always urge new parents
to do the best they can
to teach their children
and reach their hearts.
Your conscientious effort
increases the possibility
of them becoming
a success in Jehovah’s service.
So parents, how are you caring
for your “inheritance”?
What are some vital steps
to teach and reach the heart of your child?
First, please locate
Judges 13:8.
The parents of Samson likely prayed often
for Jehovah’s help
to properly raise their son.
Verse 8 says:
“Manoah pleaded with Jehovah and said:
‘Pardon me, Jehovah.
“‘Please let the man of the true God
whom you just sent
“‘come again to instruct us
about what we should do
with the child who will be born.’”
If you parents do the same,
Jehovah will answer your prayers
through the Scriptures, Bible literature,
or possibly by means
of a congregation meeting.
Additionally, being consistent
with family worship
is vital to reach the heart of one’s child.
It is true that it takes some planning
and absorbs some of your time each week.
But remember that in 2008,
the Governing Body gave us all
the extra time each week for family worship
by adjusting the weekly meeting schedule.
A brother from Portugal wrote:
“Aside from family worship,
“my father had a separate Bible study
on a different day
“with each of us three children.
“I am sure that these studies
were very important
for us to resist
all of the pressures at school.”
It is no surprise that all three children
have been in special full-time service
for a number of years now.
Similarly, a brother
from northern Italy wrote:
“We studied with each one of our children
personally
in harmony with their age and gender.”
Each family head must decide
what is best for his family.
However, a well-prepared
Family Worship program
is essential.
Another excellent way to teach your children
is by example.
Children often pick up mannerisms
from their parents.
They often walk and talk
like one of the parents.
But they also pick up
on godly personality traits and attitudes.
So be the kind of person
that you want your child to be.
Even though Jesus was the only perfect child
ever born on earth,
it appears that his mother, Mary,
and adoptive father, Joseph,
were good examples for him.
Luke 2:41, 42
tells us that Jesus’ parents
“were accustomed to go from year to year
to Jerusalem for . . . the Passover.”
Joseph could have viewed the trip
as inconvenient and even too expensive.
But as parents, he and Mary
set a good example
for the young boy Jesus.
Most young ones can quote
1 Corinthians 15:33 by heart.
Maybe it is because their parents
have reminded them
of the principle so often.
“Bad associations spoil useful habits.”
Do you remember in Luke chapter 8
that Jesus spoke
about the different kinds of soil
that “the word of God” might fall on?
The “soil” represents your child’s heart.
It is our hope and prayer
that your child’s heart
is like “good,” or “fine,” soil.
In verse 15,
Jesus applied the illustration
of the fine soil,
saying:
“These are the ones who,
“after hearing the word
with a fine and good heart,
retain it and bear fruit with endurance.”
But what can happen if after responding
to your training from God’s Word,
your child is somehow exposed
to bad association?
When young ones spend considerable time
with other young ones
who have not been trained
by Bible principles,
it can counteract
your training from God’s Word.
Such association is like a severe rainstorm
that erodes the fine soil
that you have built up.
It can quickly wash away
the good training that you have given.
Psalm 1:1 says that we can be happy
if we do not “walk” with, “stand” with,
or “sit” with those who do what is bad.
And we could add to that
—and do not text or email others
who do not think wholesome thoughts.
Help your children to choose good associates.
So many young ones around the world
have responded
to their parents’ fine instruction
and express themselves from the heart.
Let me share a few experiences
that demonstrate this.
One young person from the United States
wrote in saying:
“I am 11 years old,
“and I am an unbaptized publisher.
“I can’t thank you enough
for all that you do!
“I especially appreciate
all the time and effort you put
“into the Caleb and Sophia videos.
“I love these videos.
“They help me to show good conduct at school.
“I am grateful that you encourage
family worship.
“You see, I used to have
doubts about Jehovah.
“If it were not for the time
at family worship,
“I probably would have drifted more and more.
“I love Jehovah and want to serve him,
“but I still have lots to work on.
“I hope you will make more videos
to help me and other young ones
to serve Jehovah with our whole heart
and whole soul.”
We received this message:
“Hi, I am ten years old.
“I just wanted to say thank you!
“When I grow up, I want to work in Bethel
“because I love Jehovah
and want to make him happy.
“In Paradise, I want to open a zoo
without cages.
Sending all my love!”
I recall I once met an eight-year-old girl
in Denver, Colorado,
who was baptized at eight years of age.
By that time, she had read
the entire Bible through twice.
Of course, each child is unique;
not all children become mature
at the same rate
or at the same point in life.
You may recall that we read
Psalm 127:3 earlier,
which said that “[children] are
an inheritance from Jehovah.”
Let’s read the next verse, number 4:
“Like arrows in the hand of a mighty man,
so are the sons of one’s youth.”
Children are likened to “arrows”
that should be aimed at a target.
An archer cannot recall an arrow
once it leaves his bow.
Parents have “arrows.”
They have their children to aim at the target
for a relatively brief time.
And what is the target?
What is the goal?
For your children to become
wholesome, dedicated,
and baptized servants of Jehovah.
However, arrows can be made
from different materials,
and they can vary in size.
Parents must remember
that no two children are precisely alike.
Some have a good measure
of mental and emotional maturity
at a young age
and express a desire to get baptized.
Others may not be ready for baptism
until they are a bit older.
Thus, discerning parents
do not pressure their children
to get baptized.
Rather, they assist each child
in keeping with his or her own growth
and spiritual progress.
But it is also true that some parents
underestimate their children.
Some hold them back
from dedicating their life to Jehovah,
even though they have developed
a close relationship with Him as a youngster.
We received this comment
from a sister in Russia:
“Thank you very much
for taking care of younger ones.
“I particularly appreciate your support.
“Your loving words inspire me.
“I am 17.
“I am invigorated by articles and videos
“which are prepared by you.
“Your work and love bring me to tears.
“Thank you very much!
“I am touched by your affectionate care
of us here in Russia.
“Your warm words and prayers
are the best comfort for us.
“I am grateful to you.
“Thanks to your taking care of me,
“I was able to begin pioneering
two years ago.
“It’s the best life ever.
“I am happy.
“I can’t be silent.
I’m filled with gratitude.”
The Watchtower  once commented:
“It has been said that raising children
is a 20-year project,
but parents never really stop being parents.”
Among the very best things
you can give to your children
are love, time, and Bible-based training
—yes, endeavoring to reach their hearts.
Admittedly, each child
will respond differently to the training.
However, many who have been raised
by parents that love Jehovah
feel like Joanna Mae, a sister in Asia.
She says:
“Looking back on the training
I received from my parents,
“I am so thankful that they disciplined me
“and taught me to love Jehovah.
“They did not just give me life,
they gave me a meaningful life.”
And there are millions of adult Christians
who would express similar sentiments
of appreciation.
Parents, take care of your inheritance,
your precious children,
by training them and reaching their heart.
Thank you for those encouraging comments,
Gerrit.
I especially appreciated
all the comments from the young ones.
One in particular expressed appreciation
for the Caleb and Sophia videos.
We’ve grown quite attached
to these characters, haven’t we?
In our next segment, Brother Anthony Morris
of the Governing Body
discusses how this series
has helped children and their parents.
It’s hard to believe
that it’s been almost a decade
since that first release in 2012.
In that time,
the Become Jehovah’s Friend  series
has proved to be a real gift from Jehovah.
Through these Bible lessons,
children can learn to be kind,
to be honest,
to be respectful,
and to develop other godly qualities
that help them see and obey
“the One who is invisible.”
How can we begin to understand
the far-reaching impact
this series has had on Christian families?
We’re going to let Christian parents tell
how these videos have helped their children
to become Jehovah’s friend.
Kady-Ann had a really hard time
working together with the older brothers
and sisters in the congregation.
I had a really hard time because
they’re kind of slow.
But Lesson 25: Making Friends
was just what I needed.
We spent a few weeks discussing the videos
during our Family Worship evening.
The videos helped her to be more open-minded
—to be more respectful
to the elderly brothers and sisters
and want to work with them in field service.
Sophia liked chatting with Sister Elsa,
even though she’s so old.
So I can do that too.
These videos strengthened
my relationship with Jehovah.
I know that he hasn’t forgotten me
as a single parent.
It can be so hard for single parents
because they are trying to take on
the role of both parents.
I got baptized because I love Jehovah
with my whole heart.
Jehovah still loves me,
even though I’m made from dust,
and I’m so little.
He took some of the weight off my shoulders.
Laura,
our middle child,
was perfectly healthy
until she turned four years old.
That’s when she was diagnosed
with a rare tumor
in her central nervous system.
Unfortunately, when the treatment was over,
Laura passed away.
Even while she was sick,
she just loved watching the videos.
Her favorite one was Let’s Go in Service.
This video really made her
want to talk about Jehovah.
During the time that she was receiving
chemotherapy treatments,
which lowered her immunity,
we couldn’t even leave the house with her.
But sometimes we’d bring her
to get a checkup or get an exam done,
and the doctor would say
that everything was fine for now
—that her immunity was OK.
And the very first thing
that she’d say to the doctor was,
“So I can go in the ministry, right?”
And the doctor would laugh and say,
“Sure you can.”
And our family would take advantage
of those times
to go in field service together as a family
—all together.
That made Laura so happy.
It does us good to remember
why the Become Jehovah’s Friend  series
was created.
These videos were not designed
as mere entertainment
to simply pacify children
for a short period of time.
These lessons were designed to help children
build a relationship with Jehovah
so that they can live and serve him forever.
Jehovah loves children.
That love was evident
in how his Son, Jesus Christ,
treated children.
The Governing Body shares that love as well.
Also,
Jehovah loves Christian parents.
He sees how hard you work to impress
a love for God deep in your child’s heart.
No doubt you look forward to sharing
every new video with your child
to help him learn
to love and respect Jehovah,
Jesus, and God’s Word.
But more important,
how do you think Jehovah feels
knowing that a young child
can come to know him
through this animated series
and grow up to become his dedicated servant?
That is truly special.
We will continue to pray
that this series reaches the hearts
of our young ones
and draws them closer to Jehovah
—their Friend now and forever.
As we heard, Become Jehovah’s Friend
is much more
than an enjoyable animated series.
These videos are powerful teaching tools
that help young ones develop
a personal relationship with Jehovah.
Parents, continue to use them wisely
as part of your family worship.
Of course, at some point in their lives,
children must make the truth their own.
What steps can they take
to establish their identity
as servants of Jehovah?
That’s the topic of the next episode
of My Teen Life.
Me and my mum started attending meetings
and studying the Bible
when I was five years old.
When I was 13, I decided to get baptized.
I decided to dedicate my life
to Jehovah when I was 14.
To me, Jehovah is a wonderful God.
He’s not just a Friend that you can count on
but also a Father.
I don’t have a spiritual father
here on earth,
but I have Jehovah as my Father.
It was always something that I had in mind
—to let the truth convince me
and not serve Jehovah
just because my family does,
but to serve Jehovah
because of the love I feel for him.
Having that clearly in mind is very important
and will make all the difference
when a problem arises,
or when we have to deal
with something, in the future.
Some of the truths that convinced me
that Jehovah was really my God
were mainly basic truths.
I believe that they’re like
the foundation of a house.
Without a good base, a good foundation,
a house will not remain standing.
For example, I wanted to understand better
from a more scientific standpoint
that Jehovah really created all things.
So I read a lesson
from the brochure Origin of Life.
From that, I saw how Jehovah
really made everything
in a very complex way
and that there was no other explanation.
It was doubts like that
that moved me to study the Bible more,
which helped me to build
a better friendship with Jehovah
and to be more convinced
that he was the true God.
I always enjoyed and made a great effort
to feed myself
in a spiritual sense in the morning.
When I was a teenager,
I went through some problems
that were pretty tough.
I felt better in the morning.
It was a time of day when my problems
didn’t seem so big in my mind.
It’s very important to have spiritual goals.
Because if we don’t have goals,
it’s like going on a journey
with no direction, no destination.
But if we’ve got a purpose before leaving,
we know where we are going
and how we can get there safely.
I always think in terms
of setting short-range goals,
medium-range goals, and long-range goals.
So some goals that I was able to reach
were getting baptized
and becoming a regular pioneer.
I also had the privilege
of serving in construction groups.
No matter the choices that I had to make,
I always thought about how
they would affect my goals in the future.
When I was 17,
I found out that my mum had cancer.
That was a heartbreaking situation.
Suddenly, my life was turned upside down.
I had to learn how to care for our home,
how to cook,
how to care for someone sick,
and how to give emotional support
to that person.
The biggest challenge that I faced
when I was a teenager
was when my parents got divorced,
and then my mum stopped serving Jehovah.
At that time in my life,
I was 15 or 16 years old.
At that age, you need a lot of support
and guidance from your parents.
It was a time when I didn’t get
that guidance and that support.
My mum was my best friend, and I lost her.
She was always so loving.
She always helped me.
She always read the publications with me.
We loved to study the Bible together.
We don’t know when problems
will suddenly come up.
So it’s important that we take
Jehovah’s side before the challenges,
before problems, arise.
A text that really helped me
was Romans 8:37-39.
There it says that ‘neither death
‘nor life nor height nor depth
‘nor anything else
can separate us from Jehovah’s love.’
So that really helped me
face those challenges.
Having a strong Christian identity
means having values and principles
that are the same as Jehovah’s.
You clearly make up your mind
to please Jehovah,
even with what’s happening all around you.
It’s very important to make
the choice to serve Jehovah
no matter the situation we face
or no matter if our family
serves Jehovah or not,
because it’s when we face
challenging situations
that we’ll see if we can continue
to be loyal to Jehovah or not.
No doubt about it,
I’m very proud
to be one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Jehovah can help us in amazing ways.
He is our Friend,
our Father, our Comforter.
It’s really good to be friends
with a God that is so powerful
and to have the chance to defend his name.
Establishing your identity as a Christian
isn’t a single decision
or just a moment in time.
As Tainara and Alex shared,
it’s a process
that leads to wonderful blessings.
In many respects, marriage is like that.
A wedding is a special day,
but marriage is something
that wives and husbands
need to strengthen every day.
To help Christian couples,
the Governing Body has approved
the development
of a new series.
It’s called For a Happy Marriage.
Each segment features dramatizations
of real marital challenges
and how Bible principles can help us
build healthy, loving relationships.
Here’s our first episode.
As married couples,
most of us have been there.
The day-to-day pace of life,
work,
and distractions
can cause us
to draw away from our mate emotionally.
We begin to talk less
—distance ourselves.
We may feel unappreciated
and even become cold or unkind.
Even our desire for intimacy and affection
may cool.
We may go from being loving and passionate
to platonic roommates.
What can we do to avoid this?
An excellent principle we can apply
is found at Acts 20:35:
“There is more happiness
in giving than there is in receiving.”
But how can we know what to give
or what actions to take so our mate
feels our love and affection?
The best way to know
is simply to ask.
What does our mate need?
Some feel loved
when they are actively listened to
or hear warm expressions of appreciation.
For others, it’s expressions of love
shown through touch
or simply quality time.
Others find
that helping them with chores
and sharing the workload at home
makes them feel cherished.
But whatever the discussion reveals
and regardless of our mate’s imperfections,
we want to do what we can
to make them feel loved and cared for
through the actions they appreciate.
Yes, if we each do all we can
to show unselfish love,
genuine affection will follow.
And this is just one of many secrets
to a happy marriage.
So now, why not just take a moment,
pause the video,
and ask each other these three questions.
Remember, share your honest feelings,
and when listening, don’t be defensive.
This is simply a chance to openly express
how each of you feels.
So pause your video now, and really talk.
As we see, this series is designed
to encourage couples
to have open and honest discussions
with each other.
These videos will be so helpful
for husbands and wives
and for those who are thinking
about getting married.
We are thankful to the Governing Body
for this series,
and we look forward to future episodes.
Whether we are married or single,
have children or not,
all of us are part of Jehovah’s family.
We love each other and help one another,
especially during times of distress.
In our next segment, we’ll see
how Jehovah’s spiritual family
helped Brother Baston Nyirenda
endure years of intense hardship.
How faith-strengthening to see
how the brotherhood was a powerful source
of encouragement for Brother Nyirenda!
Of course, persecution continues to affect
many of our brothers today.
Jehovah’s spiritual family
steadfastly prays for and helps
each one of them to endure.
Next, we’ll enjoy a recent morning worship
presented by Brother William Malenfant.
He describes the power of parental training.
I think all of us have had
very interesting experiences with young ones,
and we could go on quite a while
speaking about them.
But there is a story
about a “child psychologist
“who began his practice with four theories
“and no children. . . .
“Some years later he found
that he had four children
and no theories!”
He learned that there was quite a bit to do.
There was a lot to do to raise a child.
It was far more than just a few theories.
And this was a comment that was reported
by psychologist Bruce Narramore
and published in the Awake!
of April 8, 1981.
So theories about child raising come and go,
and the best counsel on raising a child,
of course, is found in the Bible.
We know that, because it’s been there
for thousands of years,
and it’s consistent.
It’s consistently successful.
There’s another interesting point
that there is four times as much counsel
given to children in the book of Proverbs
as given to adults.
That might surprise you,
but that’s what I read, so I believe it.
Proverbs 22:6 is a familiar scripture
for all of us.
Proverbs 22:6, and here it says:
“Train a boy in the way he should go;
even when he grows old
he will not depart from it.”
Is that true?
Yes, it’s true.
Does it mean that in every case
a boy that’s well-trained by his parents
won’t depart from it?
No.
It does not mean that.
It’s giving a general, overall view
of what will take place
if a child is trained properly
by his parents.
And what it is,
this is an interesting brief statement
from The Watchtower  of 2008, April 1st
that if a child is trained
according to the Bible’s counsel,
the parent or parents “are creating
“the most favorable circumstances
to bring about a marvelous result.”
That marvelous result is
a faithful servant of Jehovah God.
And we can turn to Proverbs 23:24
where reference is made to that
—Proverbs 23:24.
And how many parents are so delighted
with their children,
especially in the case of so many
who are serving at Bethel!
There at Proverbs 23:24, it says:
“The father of a righteous one
will surely be joyful;
whoever fathers a wise son
will rejoice in him.”
And it does; it brings great pleasure
to parents when that happens.
But there’s another side to the coin.
Despite the most earnest efforts of parents,
some children do become unfaithful.
Think about Solomon.
He wasn’t a child, but actually,
it’s very difficult to understand
how that man turned away from Jehovah
in his old age, but he did.
And then even Jehovah had sons
who proved unfaithful.
That’s what the June 1, 2007, Watchtower
showed clearly,
and we’re all familiar with it
—the angels who turned away
from their Father, their Creator.
And something to keep in mind
for parents, particularly,
who have really tried hard
to raise their children properly,
we don’t want to see them
beat themselves figuratively speaking,
on and on for years and years
because they feel like they’re failures.
They should not do that.
How do you account
—if it seems to some parents
that know somehow they failed—
Well then, how do you account for children
who receive no help whatsoever
from their parents
and they love Jehovah
and they come into the truth?
It’s heart—heart condition.
So parents would be wise
to focus on the future and what they can do,
not to look back and beat themselves
over problems of the past.
And even when children do turn aside
from serving Jehovah,
parents who have
conscientiously trained their children
in the way to walk,
they can still entertain the hope
that those young ones
will come back some day.
We never give up on our kids.
We don’t give up
on our close friends or siblings
who may have walked away from the truth.
We always hope that they’ll come back.
Psalm 19:7 is interesting
—Psalm 19:7—
speaking of the reminders of Jehovah.
There it reads: “The law of Jehovah
is perfect, restoring strength.”
And then it says:
“The reminder of Jehovah is trustworthy,
making the inexperienced one wise.”
Well, for those who leave the truth,
many times it’s reminders
that come back to them
—the way it was at home,
the counsel they received from their parents,
the loving congregation that they attended.
And who comes to mind when you think
about the reminders coming to mind
after living a life of debauchery?
The prodigal son.
He was at his lowest,
and then who did he remember?
His father
—his father, who undoubtedly had shown
kindness and love to him.
So we don’t want to overlook
the power there is in parental training.
Even though they may not respond
—children may not respond—
immediately,
they do many times later on.
And they go through experiences in life,
sometimes,
that wake them up
to the facts of life and reality.
The truth is there are
thousands upon thousands
of children of Jehovah’s Witnesses
who are being raised in the truth
and whose way “is pure and right.”
It really is thrilling to see young ones
who are able to think.
They don’t just parrot
what their parents tell them.
They’re not just memorizing things.
They’ve learned to have thinking ability,
and they can speak about the truth.
They defend the truth
in a very interesting way.
In Britain, Tim and Sam, both 11 years old
and unbaptized publishers,
were engaging in field service
with Tim’s mother.
The boys needed new bags
to carry their Bibles and literature,
but money was a problem.
Earlier, before starting
in the field service that day,
the mothers of the two publishers
made this a subject of prayer.
At the last house to be visited that morning,
Tim spoke to the householder
and read a Bible verse to her.
She interrupted him
to ask what his religion was.
When Tim replied
that he was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
the woman scolded him
and said to his mother
that she could not understand
why Jehovah’s Witnesses
let their children die
rather than allow them
to accept blood transfusions.
Now, that would be a difficult thing
to have thrown in your face
for a young man there at the door
with his mother.
Tim’s mother suggested
that the woman ask the boys
how they felt about this.
She did.
Tim explained that he would always choose
alternative treatment
rather than go against
his Bible-trained conscience.
This was from this young boy himself.
Sam then said, the other young boy,
that his own sister
had received alternative treatment
and had fared better
than patients who had received blood.
Then the householder
again turned to Tim’s mother,
and this time she expressed disapproval
of taking young children from door to door.
We’ve heard that many times, I’m sure.
Both of the boys responded to the woman
on this occasion
that they enjoyed preaching,
adding that they preferred this
to roaming the streets
like others of their age.
Well, this slowed the householder down a bit.
She was impressed by their reply.
The householder asked the boys
to wait a moment
while she went into her house.
What a surprise they had when she returned
and presented each of them
with a smart, new, leather bag
ideal for their ministry!
She sold these items for a living.
Her changed attitude also allowed the boys
to arrange for a return visit.
And as they were leaving,
the householder’s 94-year-old mother,
who had been listening,
came to the door and asked Tim’s mother
to visit her at her home.
Truly, we are proud of our young ones.
And it’s a delight when you hear them
make comments at the meetings
in their own words
and when you are out
in the field ministry with them
and you see them make expressions of faith.
We have thousands upon thousands
of good children
who really are showing that they’re mature
and that they love Jehovah God.
In our program, we have been reminded
that each of us
belongs to a loving, global family
—Jehovah’s family.
And as our new music video shows,
each of us can help others
become part of our spiritual family.
In this world,
it’s hard to find a friend—
Someone you can turn to
who’s with you till the end.
I used to dream
I’d find a people who could be
More than just some friends
and more like family.
My search is over.
I’ve come to know
I’ve finally found God’s people;
I feel the love they show.
Now I live that dream
that meant so much to me.
I found more than friends;
I found Jehovah’s family.
Now I have brothers;
I have sisters, mothers, fathers too,
Little boys and little girls,
older brothers who
Come from ev’ry tribe
and race and nationality.
We love to be part
of Jehovah’s family.
We love each other;
our bond is strong.
We love to have the honor
of knowing we belong
To the greatest brotherhood we’ll ever see.
We love to be part of Jehovah’s family.
Yes, we come from ev’ry race and nationality.
Our God invites us
to be more than a friend.
He wants us in his fam’ly;
his love will never end.
Just to think
that we will live eternally,
Then we’ll all be part of Jehovah’s family—
A part of Jehovah’s family,
Family,
Family.
What an encouraging video
and an appropriate one
for this month’s broadcast,
which has been all about family!
Alex, thank you for being my cohost.
You’re welcome, Gerrit.
In our program,
we were reminded that our animated series
Become Jehovah’s Friend
is a very effective teaching tool
that continues to delight
and help children and parents.
We learned how teens can develop
a strong identity as a servant of Jehovah
and how this helps them
stand firm for their convictions.
And we introduced an encouraging new series,
For a Happy Marriage,
and we were reminded of the importance
of showing our marriage mate affection.
Now it’s time for our video postcard,
which comes to us
from Zambia.
Situated in south-central Africa,
Zambia is a land of vast open spaces,
abundant wildlife,
and spectacular waterways.
It takes its name from the Zambezi River,
which flows into Victoria Falls.
Particularly at flood stage,
Victoria Falls is considered
the largest sheet of falling water on earth,
with up to 144 million gallons,
or 545 million liters,
plunging over the falls every minute.
In the past,
Jehovah’s Witnesses in Zambia
faced strong opposition
fueled by nationalism.
During the 1960’s,
thousands of children of Jehovah’s Witnesses
were expelled from school
for refusing to salute the flag.
Door-to-door preaching was banned.
But with Jehovah’s help,
the brothers persevered
and many have embraced the truth.
Today Zambia is home
to more than 225,000 Jehovah’s Witnesses.
To serve publishers
in areas with poor network service,
the circuit overseer prerecords his talks,
transfers the files onto a flash drive,
and delivers the files to the elders,
who then distribute the talks.
Let’s visit
the Lusaka Rockfield Congregation.
During the COVID-19 pandemic,
the brothers showed
great zeal in the ministry.
The congregation grew to the point
that a new congregation was formed
to support the territory.
Attendance at meetings and assemblies
during the pandemic
was strong.
Young ones in the congregation
help translate Kingdom songs.
Our brothers and sisters
in the Lusaka Rockfield Congregation
in Zambia send you
their love and greetings!
And we send our love to all of you as well.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting!